The personal education that I've done really set me up to be successful
in my future career. Number one it gave me the knowledge that I needed.
Yes I could have, so for computer science I could've taken a book
and learned it on my own, and I did do that. I could have opened
up my computer and took online classes, and I did do that, but there
really is a different style of learning that you go through when you're
listening from a lecture and then you have other teammates, other
peers that you're working on to solve a big group project. So for
instance, I'm taking game development at the University of Southern
California and we made our own game. Now it would have been very very
difficult for me to do that all on my own. The artwork that's involved,
the production that's involved, the design that's involved,
the programming. Just by myself, I think it would have been, for the
game that I created, it's a really big one, it would be too much for
me to do by myself. What I needed was a group of ten other people,
or twenty other people, sometimes even thirty other people, to all
come together to create this one lasting project that I can call my
own that was in a safe environment like a community college class. So
that would have been very very difficult to do my own, and that's
how my college helped prepare me for my future job.